### SoV0 LLC TESTNET SWEEPSTAKES OFFICIAL RULES

**NO PURCHASE NECESSARY TO ENTER OR WIN. A PURCHASE WILL NOT IMPROVE YOUR CHANCES OF WINNING.**

**OVERVIEW**: The SoV0 LLC Testnet Sweepstakes (the "**Sweepstakes**") consists of one (1) single drawing at the end of the Sweepstakes Period. Each entrant may submit one entry per Weekly Period, for a total of up to four (4) entries, per the “How to Enter” rule below.

**ELIGIBILITY**:  To enter the Sweepstakes, you must be 21 years of age or older. The Sweepstakes is void in Cuba, Iran, North Korea, Russia, Syria, China, Crimea, Donetsk, and Luhansk, or any place where prohibited or restricted by law for any reason.   Employees, officers or directors of SoV0 LLC ("**Sponsor**") or any of its parents, subsidiaries, affiliates, or any advertising or promotion agencies involved in this Sweepstakes (collectively, the "**Sweepstakes Entities**"), as well as the immediate family (children, siblings, and parents) and household members of each such person, are not eligible to participate. This Sweepstakes is subject to all applicable federal, state, and local laws and regulations. Void where prohibited.

**SWEEPSTAKES PERIOD**:  The Sweepstakes begins on 6 September 2022 at 8:00:01 a.m. Coordinated Universal Time ("UTC"), and ends on 2 October 2022 at 11:59:59 p.m. UTC (the "**Sweepstakes Period**").

**HOW TO ENTER**:   To enter the drawing, complete the two steps listed below.  The first **Weekly Period** begins on Tuesday, 6 September 2022 at 8:00:01 a.m. UTC, and ends on Sunday, 11 September 2022 at 11:59:59 p.m. UTC.  Each subsequent weekly period runs from each subsequent Monday 12:00:01 a.m. UTC through the following Sunday 11:59:59 p.m. UTC for the duration of the Sweepstakes Period.  You may enter once per weekly period, for a total of up to four (4) entries. For your first entry, you must complete both steps 1 and 2.  For subsequent entries, you may complete just step 2 & use the same step 1 address as in your first entry.

1. Create a free SoV0 address by following the on-screen instructions at https://www.SoV0.org/#generate_address.
2. Request some SoV0 via Twitter:
    1. find the current SoV0 period & state by going to the current SoV0 Twitter page at https://twitter.com/the_SoV0 and checking the pinned tweet:
        1. locate the current SoV0 period, the number listed after `"#SoV0_new_period"`
        2. locate the current SoV0 state, the 64-length hexademical string listed after `"new_state"`
    2. Then, post this balance request message to Twitter, replacing `PLACEHOLDER_ADDRESS` with the address generated in step 1, `PLACEHOLDER_SOV0_PERIOD` with the period from step 2.i.a., and `PLACEHOLDER_SOV0_STATE` with the state from step 2.i.b.:
    ```
    {
     "@the_SoV0": "Give me some SoV0 please. #sweepstakes",
     "from": "PLACEHOLDER_ADDRESS",
     "period": PLACEHOLDER_SOV0_PERIOD,
     "state": "PLACEHOLDER_SOV0_STATE"
    }
    ```
    3. Finally, send an email to testnet.sweepstakes@sov0.org with `balance request` as the subject, and just the URL of the tweet you posted in step 2.ii. as the message body.

To enter, you must have a public Twitter account. Twitter accounts are free.  You must also have an email, which may be freely acquired.  Finally, you must have a SoV0 address, which is also free.  Limit one (1) entry per person/Twitter account per Weekly Period. Entrants are prohibited from using multiple names, Twitter accounts, SoV0 addresses, email addresses, or any other means to enter more than once per Weekly Period.  Any attempt to do so is grounds for disqualification. Use of any macro, bot, script or other automated means to submit entries is prohibited. Proof of posting is not proof of accessibility of the posting to Sponsor or anyone else. Sponsor's database computer is the official time-keeping device for the Sweepstakes. Entries will not be acknowledged or returned. In the event of a dispute over the identity of an entrant, entry will be deemed submitted by the authorized account holder of the email address associated with the Twitter account associated with the entry. "Authorized account holder" is defined as the natural person who is assigned to an email address or other similar account associated with the relevant Twitter account.

**WINNER SELECTION & NOTIFICATION**: There will be one (1) drawing held at the end of the Sweepstakes Period, within approximately 24 hours after the end of the Sweepstakes Period. The one (1) winner will be selected at random from among all eligible entries received as of the end of the Sweepstakes Period.

Each potential winner will be notified via direct message on Twitter to the account associated with the entry within approximately 48 hours after the drawing.  Potential winner(s) may be required to correctly answer a skill-testing question to the extent required by applicable law. No liability is assumed for any winner notification that is lost, intercepted or not received by a potential winner for any reason.  Failure to respond to any winner notification within three (3) days may result in disqualification and selection of an alternate winner.  If any potential winner is found to be ineligible, if such person has not complied with these Official Rules, or if such person declines a prize for any reason prior to award, such potential winner may be disqualified and an alternate winner may be selected. Each potential winner may be required to execute a Declaration of Eligibility, a Liability Release, and/or a Publicity Release ("Prize Claim Documents"). Failure to comply when requested may result in disqualification and selection of an alternate winner.

**PRIZES**:  One (1) prize is available:   USD $100,000.   Payment will be via wire transfer to the winner’s bank account.  Prizes are non-transferable.  No substitution in the method of delivery of the prize is allowed unless approved by Sponsor.  Each winner is responsible for all taxes of any kind that may apply to the acceptance of a prize, including any withholding that may be required under any applicable laws.  
**ODDS**:   Odds of winning depend on the total number of eligible entries received over the Sweepstakes Period.

**PARTICIPATION**: By entering the Sweepstakes, you (i) agree to be bound by these Official Rules, including all eligibility requirements, and (ii) agree to be bound by the decisions of the Sweepstakes judges,  which are final and binding in all matters relating to the Sweepstakes; provided, however, that this does not affect the ability of any participant to pursue any available legal remedy. Entry materials/data that have been tampered with or altered are void. No responsibility is assumed, unless due to a breach of Sponsor’s obligations, for: (i) lost, late, misdirected, damaged, garbled, incomplete or illegible entries, all of which are void; (ii) error, omission, interruption, deletion, defect, delay in operations or transmission, theft or destruction or unauthorized access to or alterations of entry materials, or for technical, network, telephone equipment, electronic, mobile device, computer, hardware or software malfunctions of any kind, or inaccurate transmission of or failure to receive entry information by Sponsor on account of technical problems; or (iii) any injury or damage to entrant's or any other person's computer or mobile device related to or resulting from participating in the Sweepstakes. Sponsor reserves the right to: (i) permanently disqualify from any Sweepstakes it sponsors any person it believes has intentionally violated these Official Rules; and (ii) suspend, modify or terminate the Sweepstakes if Sponsor believes, in its sole discretion, that malfunction, error, disruption or damage is impairing or will impair the administration, security, fairness, integrity or proper conduct of the Sweepstakes. If the Sweepstakes is terminated before the designated end date, Sponsor will (if possible) select winner from all eligible, non-suspect entries unaffected by the problem.

**PUBLICITY/USAGE RIGHTS**:  To the extent permitted by applicable law, by participating in the Sweepstakes, you acknowledge and agree that Sponsor (and those acting with its authorization) have the non-exclusive right to copy, reproduce, edit, broadcast and otherwise use your Tweet in whole or in part, in any way, in any medium whether now existing or later discovered, worldwide, during the maximum period of time permitted by applicable law, including but not limited to posting online.  Participation in the Sweepstakes and/or receipt or use of any prize further constitutes the winner’s consent for use of his/her Tweet, name, likeness, voice, opinions, statements, biographical information, and/or hometown and state for promotional or advertising purposes in any media, worldwide, now known or hereafter developed, in perpetuity, without further review, notification, payment, or consideration (unless prohibited by law).

**RELEASE OF LIABILITY**:  To the extent permitted by applicable law, by participating, you release Sponsor, Twitter, and each of their respective parent companies, subsidiaries, affiliates, partners, employees, directors, agents, advertising agencies, and all others associated with the development and execution of this Sweepstakes from any and against  any and all injury, loss or damage caused or claimed to be caused by your participation in the Sweepstakes and/or the acceptance, awarding, receipt, use and/or misuse of the prize, and you agree that these entities are not responsible for any warranty, representation, or guarantee, expressed or implied, in fact or in law, relating to the promotion and/or the awarding of any prize except as expressly provided in these Official Rules.  Nothing in these Official Rules limits or excludes the liability of the Sponsor for fraud or for death or personal injury caused by the negligence of the Sponsor. To the extent permitted by applicable law, by participating, you agree that: (a) any and all disputes, claims, and causes of action arising out of or in connection with the Sweepstakes, or any prizes awarded, shall be resolved individually without resort to any form of class action; (b) any claims, judgments and awards shall be limited to actual out-of-pocket costs incurred, including costs associated with entering the Sweepstakes, but in no event attorney’s fees; (c) under no circumstances will any entrant be permitted to obtain any award for, and entrant hereby waives all rights to claim, punitive, incidental or consequential damages and any and all rights to have damages multiplied or otherwise increased and any other damages, other than damages for actual out-of-pocket expenses; and (d) these Rules and all disputes shall be governed by the internal laws of the state of Delaware, without regard to principles of conflicts of laws, any disputes shall be resolved exclusively in the state or federal courts in the state of Delaware, and you expressly consent to the jurisdiction of said courts and waive any objection thereto.

**DATA**:  By entering, you are not submitting any information to Sponsor, you are posting information to Twitter. Any information collected from any potential winner by Sponsor will be used solely to administer the Sweepstakes and award the applicable prize and not for any other purpose(s) unless expressly agreed otherwise by the potential
winner or required by law.

**WINNER LIST**:   For the name of the winner, available approximately two weeks after the end of the Sweepstakes Period, send an email to custodian@sov0.org.  All such requests must be received within 60 days after the Sweepstakes Period.

**SPONSOR**: SoV0 LLC, 251 Little Falls Drive, Wilmington, Delaware 19808.

**TWITTER**:  By participating, you release Twitter and its parent companies, subsidiaries, affiliates, partners, employees, directors, agents, advertising agencies, from any and against any and all injury, loss or damage caused or claimed to be caused by your participation in the Sweepstakes and/or the acceptance, awarding, receipt, use and/or misuse of the prize. The Sweepstakes is in no way sponsored, endorsed or administered by, or associated with, Twitter.

